SEPT 16 2022 14:40- I set up GitHub and ZenHub after getting my laptop. We removed the bottom of the chair, and mounted it so we could look inside. I worked with Dr. Liu and Brandon in locating the wires which brought
				power to the motor, which were located on pins A and B. 
SEPT 20 2022 - We mostly just discussed what types of controllers we should use, and got Dylan up to speed on what's happening with the chair. We arranged
			to meet Friday to test the chair with a HV power supply. 

SEPT 23 2022 - Our attempt to move the chair failed. Our dolly had a flat and the chair was far too wonky and heavy to move. In addition, it was raining
			outside. We are going to try again Monday. I cannot be there, but Mateo has a more sturdy lift we can try.

OCT 7 2022 - We've moved the chair from Dr. French's car back into his office. We've figured out the best way to strap it down to maximize its sturdiness
during transport. Criss-cross the straps through the slots in the chair's midsection. Now: Do we want to use the Hall Effect tachometer inside of the chair?
Maybe it's better to use the integrated angular velocity sensors in our controller. Maybe it's cooler to use complex 70's technology.

OCT 11 2022 - Virtual Meeting notes: We are going to do the blue motor controller. We are unsure of what power supply we need to buy. 
	As far as a web interface controller, we will use a raspberry pi with at the very least a Serial communicator and at least 40 GPIO
	pins on the board. The last necessity is to be determined by my conversation with Dylan, when I ask him what he needs to make the web
	interface happened. We talked a lot about what exactly the shareholder wants for a form of direction indication by the person sitting
	in the chair. Everything from the most rudimentary: Two Buttons comminucating via RC to two LEDs, to the most sophisticated: a joystick
	which sends inputs wirelessly to a cartesian display in our program which plots the inputs over time alongside all of the other chair
	data. There was much more in the way of discussion about other aspects, but this is what is relevant to what I was tasked to do in the sprint

OCT 13 2022 - I discussed what motor controller we should purchase with the group and recommended the blue Polulu option. We also worked on our presentation

NOV 1 2022 - The chair finally spun with the motor controller today. I worked on using the software on the board to operate the chair.

NOV 5 2022 - I worked with Mateo on trying to flesh out hardware requirements for our documentation.

NOV 8 2022 - We met, but not much got done. It was rainy and not everyone was here.

NOV 17 2022 - I worked on the presentation with the rest of the group.

NOV 21 2022 - We had a virtual meeting concerning documentation.

DEC 1 2022 - Miles and I met in the lab to discuss a plan regarding making a controller and potentially housing

DEC 6 2022 - I worked with Miles and Mateo to try to get our controller working so we could make a demo for our presentation later today.

JAN 17 2023 - I did not come to lab due to sickness

JAN 19 2023 - I did not come to lab due to endodontist appointment

JAN 20 2023 - I went to the lab to polish the controller. We didn't have any more glue, but I dremeled some of the edges to make the controller smoother.

JAN 21 2023 - We discussed A LOT about what our information output should look like and how much information we need to give the user

JAN 24 2023 - Quick discussion of the general state of the machine, but not much else was done

JAN 27 2023 - I created a mockup of a polar plot over time which I would like to see added to the machine in the future

JAN 30 2023 - We discussed the budget in class, and having more discrete and measurable tasks assigned to individuals

FEB 03 2023 - Got the STLs for the controller from Brandon so I can print two duplicate modules. One for a seocnd controller in case of failure of #1, and another for me to mangle
		and figure out how to optimize our current controller

FEB 6 2023 - I was going to head down to the MakerLab to print 2 more duplicate modules, but Dr. French is going to give us his
			list of greivances with controller operation tomorrow and I think we should wait until then to print new modules
